Well, I hope this is formated properly. I felt that CLark's book was one of the weakest books we read all semester for mulitple reasons. The writing was very dry, and robotic, and that was mentioned in class. But beyond that, she took forevert to come to a rather dull ending, that she was clearly excited to come to because she decided o keep teasing it the whole book. The one thing thti thought that was well done was the sythesis and short explanation of the previous historiagraphical movements, but while this was a well done part of the book, I felt it was mostly unnescessary for our class since we had read and already known about many of those movements before, so it felt redundent. Of all the intellectual movements she described within the study of historiogrphy, the one I find most helpful to the discipline and the study of historiographies application to the study of history at the undergraduate and found most insight on from Clark's book, was the contextualism movement. I feel this because, as we say in political analysis proffesionally, "Context is King". This is said because qoutes, like statistics, Lie. If you don't know the context of what a political actor is speaking frokm then you can't get a rational, plausible, or helpful analysis of what they are really trying to say, or get a good grasp of the deeper motivations of what drives them to say that. The same is true for historians, who really themselves are political analysts themselves, but of the past and with a good dollop of retrospective. 

I guess you could say I did not like this book very much. I wish we could read obvious examples of each of the major styles of historiography and compare them, instead of having it done for us in short summaries and critics of them by somewhat contemporary philisophical-historian-historiographers. 
